Statamic additions (#83)
rapidez/docs: src/3.x/packages/statamic.md

When you create a form, you can use `rapidez-statamic::emails.form` as the HTML template, which uses the [Laravel mail template](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/mail#customizing-the-components) with all fields in a table. Make sure you enable markdown!

## Images

> When using Rapidez Statamic, ther is a [Glide directive package](https://github.com/justbetter/statamic-glide-directive) pre-integrated to work seamlessly with your Statamic install. Just use the Glide directive as shown, and the package will handle image manipulation with the transformations dictated by your parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Rapidez Statamic, the package pre-integrates the [Glide directive package](https://github.com/justbetter/statamic-glide-directive) to work seamlessly with your Statamic install. Just use the Glide directive as shown, and the package will handle image manipulation with the transformations dictated by your parameters.
```

Statamic comes with [static caching](https://statamic.dev/static-caching) and with this packages we're adding the middleware that handles that from Statamic to all Rapidez web routes. When you configure static caching with Statamic it will also be applied to all Rapidez routes!

::: details I'm using multiple stores

> When using Statamic Static caching in a multisite setup, you typically need to manually [configure](https://statamic.dev/static-caching#paths) a paths for each site for the static files to be stored. However, with Rapidez Statamic, this manual step isn't necessary. The integration automatically sets the correct paths based on the store definitions in the Magento database, saving you time and reducing potential errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Statamic Static caching in a multisite setup, you typically need to [manually configure](https://statamic.dev/static-caching#paths) a path for each site for the static files to be stored. However, with Rapidez Statamic, this manual step isn't necessary. The integration automatically sets the correct paths based on the store definitions in the Magento database, saving you time and reducing potential errors.
```
